README.markdown, before:

# Sparkle 
is an easy-to-use software update framework for Cocoa developers.

* True self-updating--no work required from the user.

* Displays release notes to the user via WebKit.

* Displays a detailed progress window to the user.

* Supports authentication for installing in secure locations.

* Really, really easy to install.

* Uses appcasts for release information.

* The user can choose to automatically download and install all updates.

* Seamless integration—there's no mention of Sparkle; your icons and app name are used.

* Supports DSA signatures for ultra-secure updates.

* Sparkle requires no code in your app, so it's trivial to upgrade or remove the module.

## New in Sparkle 1.5:

* Optionally sends user demographic information to the server when checking for updates.

* Dual-mode garbage collection support for any memory management style.

* Sparkle doesn't bug the user until second launch for better first impressions.

* Sparkle can install .pkg files for more complicated products.

* Supports bundles, preference panes, plugins, and other non-.app software.

* Supports branches due to minimum OS version requirements.

* Deep delegate support to make Sparkle work exactly as you need.

* Tons of other stuff! [Read more about what's new.](http://andymatuschak.org/articles/2008/05/31/sparkle-15b1-now-available/ "Sparkle 1.5b1: now available!")

Commit message:

Updating readme with information about this fork

README.markdown, after:

# Sparkle 
is an easy-to-use software update framework for Cocoa developers.

* True self-updating--no work required from the user.

* Displays release notes to the user via WebKit.

* Displays a detailed progress window to the user.

* Supports authentication for installing in secure locations.

* Really, really easy to install.

* Uses appcasts for release information.

* The user can choose to automatically download and install all updates.

* Seamless integration—there's no mention of Sparkle; your icons and app name are used.

* Supports DSA signatures for ultra-secure updates.

* Sparkle requires no code in your app, so it's trivial to upgrade or remove the module.

# Customizations
This fork off of Sparkle does *not* ask for permission to download and install a update. Of course, this is not good practice in any user facing application.
This fork is currently being used in environment controlling many client machines asking as a kiosk – we wanted an easy way to push updates out to the
machines and this solved our needs perfectly.

## New in Sparkle 1.5:

* Optionally sends user demographic information to the server when checking for updates.

* Dual-mode garbage collection support for any memory management style.

* Sparkle doesn't bug the user until second launch for better first impressions.

* Sparkle can install .pkg files for more complicated products.

* Supports bundles, preference panes, plugins, and other non-.app software.

* Supports branches due to minimum OS version requirements.

* Deep delegate support to make Sparkle work exactly as you need.

* Tons of other stuff! [Read more about what's new.](http://andymatuschak.org/articles/2008/05/31/sparkle-15b1-now-available/ "Sparkle 1.5b1: now available!")
